# Contributing to ANE-Google-Analytics♥ [ANE-Google-Analytics](https://github.com/alebianco/ANE-Google-Analytics) and want to get involved?Thanks! There are plenty of ways you can help!## DonationsI'am working on the project on my spare time and that means that I can't always find the time to give it the amount of time it would need or that I would like to give.If you love this project and the possibilities it offer, if you used it on a commercial project and you think I saved you some hundred hours of coding, show some appreciation :)You can send a donation through [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=cyberpunk82%40gmail%2ecom&lc=IT&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_SM%2egif%3aNonHosted) or, better yet, if you live in London you can offer me a beer.## TestsDue to the nature of the project, I can't possibly own all the necessary devices and os versions necessary to perform a comprehensive round of tests.  So far I personally tested it on:* Android 2.3* Android 4.2* iOS 5 simulatorIt's your turn now to test it on as many devices as possible and let me know if there's still any problem to fix. I'll try to provide a simple demo project, that will cover all the extension features, to make this task easier.Refer to the [Bugs](#Bugs) section for information about reporting issues.## BugsA bug is a _demonstrable problem_ that is caused by the code in therepository. Good bug reports are extremely helpful - thank you!Guidelines for bug reports:1. **Use the GitHub issue search** &mdash; check if the issue has already been   reported.2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** &mdash; try to reproduce it using the   latest `master` branch in the repository.3. **Isolate the problem** &mdash; ideally create a reduced test   case and a live example.A good bug report shouldn't leave others needing to chase you up for moreinformation. Please try to be as detailed as possible in your report. What isyour environment? What steps will reproduce the issue? What Platform(s) and OSexperience the problem? What would you expect to be the outcome? All thesedetails will help me to fix any potential bugs.Example:> Short and descriptive example bug report title>> A summary of the issue and the platform/OS environment in which it occurs. If> suitable, include the steps required to reproduce the bug.>> 1. This is the first step> 2. This is the second step> 3. Further steps, etc.>> `<url>` (a link to the reduced test case)>> Any other information you want to share that is relevant to the issue being> reported. This might include the lines of code that you have identified as> causing the bug, and potential solutions (and your opinions on their> merits).**[File a bug report](https://github.com/alebianco/ANE-Google-Analytics/issues/)**## Pull requestsGood pull requests - patches, improvements, new features - are a fantastichelp. They should remain focused in scope and avoid containing unrelatedcommits. If your contribution involves a significant amount of work or substantialchanges to any part of the project, please open an issue to discuss it first.Make sure to adhere to the coding conventions used throughout a project(indentation, accurate comments, etc.). Please update any documentation that isrelevant to the change you're making.Please follow this process; it's the best way to get your work included in theproject:1. [Fork](http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/) the project, clone your fork,   and configure the remotes:   ```bash   # Clones your fork of the repo into the current directory in terminal   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/ANE-Google-Analytics.git   # Navigate to the newly cloned directory   cd ANE-Google-Analytics   # Assigns the original repo to a remote called "upstream"   git remote add upstream https://github.com/alebianco/ANE-Google-Analytics.git   ```2. If you cloned a while ago, get the latest changes from upstream:   ```bash   git checkout master   git pull upstream master   ```3. Create a new topic branch to contain your feature, change, or fix:   ```bash   git checkout -b <topic-branch-name>   ```4. Commit your changes in logical chunks. Please adhere to these [git commit   message   guidelines](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html)   or your pull request is unlikely be merged into the main project. Use git's   [interactive rebase](https://help.github.com/articles/interactive-rebase)   feature to tidy up your commits before making them public.5. Locally merge (or rebase) the upstream development branch into your topic branch:   ```bash   git pull [--rebase] upstream master   ```6. Push your topic branch up to your fork:   ```bash   git push origin <topic-branch-name>   ```10. [Open a Pull Request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests) with a    clear title and description.## Do not…Please **do not** use the issue tracker for personal support requests.  Please **do not** derail or troll issues. Keep thediscussion on topic and respect the opinions of others.